DS18S20library is AVR C library for connecting DS18S20 temperature sensor to 8-bit AVR microcontrollers.

The library implements 1-Wire interface for communication with DS18S20.
The time delay functions that are included in the library and the CRC implementation 
distributed with the library are written by Martin Thomas.

Supported MCU Hardware

The library is compatible with every 8-bit AVR microcontroller.

DS1820 support and implemented functions

The library can be used only in cases when DS18S20 sensor is powered by external power supply.
The library doesn't query the sensor for the type of the power supply.

Current version supports 1-Wire bus with only one device attached to it.
SEARCH_ROM is not implemented in the library so it cannot query the bus for connected devices/sensors.

Implemented DS1820 functions:
- DS18S20 sensor initialization;
- READ ROM command for fetching the ROM address of the sensor;
- SKIP ROM command so the library can speak to the sensor directly without using sensors 1-Wire bus address;
- Convert T command that initiates a single temperature conversion;
- READ SCRATCHPAD command that allows the master to read the contents of the sensor memory.
 
Usage

The library use DS18S20_Init function to define the 1-Wire bus and initialize the sensor.
For bus definition, the init function requires two arguments:
- the address of MCU PORT used for 1-Wire bus;
- MCU pin that is connected to the DQ pin of DS18S20.

For example:

DS18S20_Init(pDS18S20,&PORTD,PD5);

After the initialization step, the rest of the library functions/macros can be used to
get sensor address, start temperature conversion and read the sensor memory that contains 
the temperature value.

Check the doc folder for detailed describtion of the library.

Tested on Atmega32 and Atiny2313 microcontrollers.

WARNING: 
The source is provided as it is without any warranty. Use it on your own risk!
The author does not take any responsibility for the damage caused while using this software.

